docs: add sitemap limitation (#664)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/framework/docs/pages.md

The [Hydrogen starter template](/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/getting-started) includes a `pages/sitemap.xml.server.jsx` component which serves a sitemap at `/sitemap.xml`. The following limitations and considerations apply to the [XML sitemap](https://github.com/Shopify/hydrogen/blob/main/examples/template-hydrogen-default/src/pages/sitemap.xml.server.jsx) that's included in the Hydrogen starter template:

> - The sitemap has a limit of 250 products, 250 collections, and 250 pages. You need to [paginate results](/api/usage/pagination-graphql) if your store has more than 250 resources. If your store has more resources than the limit, and you haven't customized the URLs of the resources, then we recommend using the Online Store version of the sitemap at `https://{store-domain}/sitemap.xml`.

Reviewer: Do we want to document how to easily do that?

Author: Go to the url and download the .xml >> upload it to google?

> - The sitemap has a limit of 250 products, 250 collections, and 250 pages. You need to [paginate results](/api/usage/pagination-graphql) if your store has more than 250 resources. If your shop has more resources than the limit, and the url of these resources have not been customized. We recommend using the Online Store version of sitemap.xml at `https://{shopify-store-domain}/sitemap.xml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The sitemap has a limit of 250 products, 250 collections, and 250 pages. You need to [paginate results](/api/usage/pagination-graphql) if your store has more than 250 resources. If your store has more resources than the limit, and you haven't customized the URLs of the resources, then we recommend using the Online Store version of the sitemap at `https://{store-domain}/sitemap.xml`.
```
